Wreck & Jam
A wooden wreck of a passenger ferry sits on the sandy bottom, which has been colonised by corals and sponges and acts as a nursery for juvenile fish. A short swim across sandy rubble, home to numerous shrimp gobies and mantis shrimp leads you to Jam - a sprawling and thriving coral reef. Jam is home to giant moray eels, turtles, napoleon wrasse, octopus, leaf scorpionfish, blacktail barracuda, sting rays and more!

Apollo
The most iconic dive site of Una Una, Apollo is a pristine patch of coral reef with a resident tornado of thousands of black tail barracudas. The reef attracts so much marine life - turtles, tuna, jacks, huge schools of snapper and fusiliers as well as the occasional eagle ray. If you manage to take your eyes off the blue and look at the reef, you will find huge coral and sponge formations, scorpionfish, nudibranchs, lobsters and colourful reef fish.

Artemis
Artemis is a stunning cascading wall of soft and hard corals and giant sponge formations. It is home to a vibrant community of reef fish and invertebrates, and offers glimpses of pelagics such as tunas, jacks and eagle rays passing by in the blue.

Hong Kong
Hong Kong is said to be named after the numerous tube sponges found here, which appear to look like a city skyline when viewed from below. However, according to our captain Un it is named Hong Kong because its that busy! Indeed, Hong Kong can be a frenzy of hunting trevallies, blue striped snappers, batfish, napoleon wrasse, turtles and cuttlefish that sometimes you won’t know where to look! Hong Kong has several distinct cleaning stations frequented by larger fish such as giant barracuda and spadefish, giving access to small cleaner wrasse to their gills and in their mouths!

Batu Gila
Batu Gila literally translates to “crazy rock” which is an apt name for this large rock that sits at around 25m at its shallowest, and drops down to deeper than we know. The rock is covered in soft corals and sea fans and is a hive of activity!

Black Forest
Black Forest is named after its unique coral landscape - a vast forest of cascading corals, reminiscent of pine trees. As well as an unforgettable landscape, it is here that has one of the greatest chances of seeing black-tip reef sharks of all the dive sites of Una Una.

House Reef
Positioned just in front of the resort and accessible by the shore is a vibrant fringing reef with excellent diversity of schooling fishes. Occasional visitors include bumphead parrotfish, giant barracuda and cuttlefish.

Ihana
Ihana is a gentle sloping reef with huge coral formations and is teeming with life. Ihana is known for its large schools of yellow snapper and its resident big marbled groupers. There is a chance of seeing some blue spotted rays, turtles and schooling pick handle barracudas.

Jungle
Jungle consists of a gently sloping coral reef alongside sand and rubble which gradually turns into a tiered wall dropping down below 40m. The reef itself is stunning with an abundance of jacks, spade fish and schooling snappers. Turtles, napoleon wrasse and eagle rays frequently pass by this area, while the rubble provides a haven for juvenile fish, mantis shrimp and nudibranchs.

Barrenland
Una Una’s answer to Lembeh, Barrenland is all about the macro! The slower you go, the more you will see, including but not limited to numerous nudibranchs, harlequin shrimp and ghost pipe fish.

Jackpoint
Jackpoint is an overhanging wall with numerous ledges and caves. The wall hosts a great diversity of corals and sponges and is an excellent habitat for nudibranchs, ghost pipe fish and even skeleton shrimp. Its always worth keeping an eye in the blue for big tuna, eagle rays and schooling jacks.

Pinacle I
Originally named Fish-o-mania, Pinnacle is one of Una Una’s first discovered dive sites and remains one of the must see sites of the area. The top of the pinnacle sits at about 5m, while the walls drop down to well below 40m. The pinnacle is a hive of activity with a chance of seeing giant trevallies, black-tip sharks, napoleon wrasse, bumped parrot fish, eagle rays, turtles, octopus and more.


Pinnacle II
Pinnacle II is a vertical wall on one side, and a vast shallow sloping reef on the other side. There is an abundance of life from tiny candy crabs to big black tip reef sharks, and if you’re lucky a family of napoleon wrasse too.

Kingston
Kingston is an underwater peninsula, with a vertical wall on the ocean side and a beautiful coral garden on the inside of the strip. Looking out to the blue there is the chance of seeing large pelagic fish passing through, as well as eagle rays. The coral garden is a sheltered area for a variety of colourful reef fishes as well as cuttlefish and octopus.

Satellite
Satellite is an epic deep water coral mound, the shallowest point is at around 25m where a huge single barrel sponge sits to top it off. It attracts pelagics such as jacks, eagle rays and blacktip reef sharks, while the reef itself is an immaculate display of diversity.

Valtimo
Valtimo is a cluster of a few habitats, each with their own charm. The shallow fringing reef is home to reef squid, plentiful anemones with their associated fish and dancing shrimp, nudibranchs and colourful reef fish. A short swim over a sandy bottom where blue-spotted rays aggregate, brings you to a coral island dominated by soft corals and a small colony of lion fish. Nearby is a huge towering coral bommie frequented by schooling fish, as well as the odd napoleon wrasse passing by.
